Move lora example to use the same model format / conversion as `hf_llm` (#252)
ml-explore/mlx-examples: lora/README.md

pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Convert

This step is optional if you want to quantize (for QLoRA) or change the default data type
of a pre-existing model.

You convert models using the `convert.py` script. This script takes a Hugging
Face repo as input and outputs a model directory (which you can optionally also
upload to Hugging Face).

To make a 4-bit quantized model, run:

```
python convert.py --hf-path <hf_repo> -q
```

> For exampe the following will make a 4-bit quantized Mistral 7B and by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following will make a 4-bit quantized Mistral 7B and by default
```

python lora.py --help
```

> Note, in the following the `--model` argument can be any compatable Hugging
> Face repo or a local path to a converted mdoel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, in the following the `--model` argument can be any compatible Hugging
Face repo or a local path to a converted model. 
```
